[♪ tense music playing]
[engines whooshing]
[Rook Kast] Target incoming.
[bank droid] Ready
credit cargo for transport.
[device beeping]
[Spybot exclaims]
[chuckles]
[Spybot] Knock. knock.
And. now!
[beeps]
[bank droid] We have a breach!
[all grunting]
[exclaims]
[alarm blaring]
[dispatcher] Report of alarms activated!
Banking District.
Unit 10! With me.
- [exclaims]
- [yells]
[shouts]
[Spybot] What's that noise?
- [siren wailing]
- [giggling]
Police.
[Officer Pak] Pull up!
Unit 10 down! Suspects on the move.
[Spybot] Boo-yah!
- [groans]
- [Spybot giggles]
- [droid] We lost them.
- Run a scan on the surrounding districts.
[droid] Picking up reports of an
unidentified shuttle seen in Sector 8-J.
[Officer Pak] All available units.
converge on those coordinates.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[engine whirring]
[Rook Kast] Let's go! Let's go!
Get the credits on the ship.
[siren wailing]
[Officer Pak] It's over!
Drop your weapons!
I said drop 'em!
[Rock Kast] Ah. I guess
we should do as he says.
[♪ dramatic choral music playing]
[Officer Pak] Fire. fire!
- [officer] Watch it. watch it.
- [grunting]
[gasps]
[♪ opening theme music playing]
[sirens wailing]
[indistinct chatter]
Something's happened.
That is not our concern.
[sighs]
You're hungry. you need to eat.
They won't miss it.
I told you already.
We do not steal.
I'm tired of begging.
We could always rely
on the kindness of strangers.
Uh. pardon. would you be so kind?
[resident] E Chu ta
[groans softly]
[grunts]
[conversing in alien language]
[Devon grunts]
[gasps]
[shouting in alien language]
[officer] Halt. citizen!
Our apologies. Officer.
She made a simple mistake.
[officer] You are charged with theft
and will be placed under arrest.
What?
We cannot afford to cause a disturbance.
[officer] Do not resist.
[sighs] Be patient.
They will surely see to reason.
and you'll soon be released.
[officer] Surrender and comply.
[sighs]
[♪ somber music playing]
[sighs deeply]
[siren wailing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[sighs heavily]
I want a full scan of the route.
- Holo footage?
- [droid] Cams and sensors were destroyed.
What you got. Two-Boots?
[Two-Boots] It's tragic. Captain Lawson.
They were simply doing
what they'd been programmed for.
And according to security logs.
the bank supervisor droid is missing.
I don't get it.
Nico Deemis owns this bank.
Who would be crazy enough to rob from him?
[droid] Deemis is involved
in several criminal enterprises
and has many enemies among the syndicates.
I would suspect his main rival.
Looti Vario.
No. Vario knows this will be
an open declaration of war.
That's bad for business.
They left a lot of credits behind
but took the supervisor droid.
That doesn't make any sense.
And that little surprise...
positioned perfectly.
I'm not sure this was
any of the local syndicates.
Not their style.
Too risky?
Too clean.
Deemis won't take this lightly.
[Deemis screaming angrily]
They rob me.
shoot up my guards.
and take my bank droid!
Who's got answers?
[nervously]
Mr. Deemis. it's gotta be Vario.
He's always trying to stick it to us.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Set a meet.
I wanna question him face-to-face.
But what if it's some kind of trap?
Make it on neutral territory.
If he was behind it. we'll deal with him.
Somebody's going to pay.
[Spybot] Deemis so mad.
[grunts]
Booshkeedoo! [chuckles]
You've had another vision?
[Maul] The one I seek is here.
An apprentice?
[Maul] I see them clearer
the closer I get.
I have an update on the syndicates.
Unfortunately. they appear
to be honoring their truce.
[Maul] Hmm.
Deemis is showing unusual restraint.
Perhaps he needs a bit more motivation?
Forgive me. My Lord.
But why are we focused on
low-level targets such as these gangsters?
As the Empire has risen.
we have all been made to suffer.
Even the once-mighty Jedi have fallen.
But there are many who have prospered
from my misfortune.
The Pykes. Crimson Dawn. Vario.
Soon. they will all pay.
[inhales sharply] Beginning with Deemis.
He thought he could take what was mine.
He was mistaken.
Should I ready a team?
We can eliminate him with ease.
Not yet.
I prefer to keep my presence a shadow.
For now.
[inhales] Bring me the bank droid.
[powers up]
[bank droid stuttering] Who are you?
- [laughter]
- [Spybot laughs]
Where have you brought me?
[bank droid grunts]
Head Boss Deemis
will hear about this barbarity.
Oh. I am counting on it.
You are to assist me in my grand plan.
[bank droid] Deemis will make you pay!
[laughter]
I'm afraid your calculations
are incorrect.
Now.
you will deliver a message to Deemis.
[indistinct chatter]
[siren wailing in distance]
[droid] We require your name
and identification.
What difference does it make?
[droid] You must comply.
Hey. What's her story?
[droid] This one is not cooperating.
She's just a kid.
[sighs] Okay. bring it to my desk.
[groans]
[sighs]
We're analyzing all of the data.
We'll get them.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[sighs] Attempted robbery.
failure to cooperate. and no ID.
[Lawson sighs]
What's your name. kid?
[droid] She will not comply.
[Devon] Is that your son?
Produce some identification
or spend a night in a cell.
[sighs]
Come on. kid. Give me something.
I already got enough going on right now.
[Two-Boots] Captain Lawson.
I found something.
All right. Get her processed.
[Two-Boots] Captain. you need to see this.
This was recovered from the memory banks
of the police droid with Officer Pak.
[button clicks]
Laser sword?
Haven't seen one of those
since the Clone Wars.
[♪ mysterious music playing]
Run a recognition scan.
Imperial?
[Two-Boots] File is classified by the ISB.
We're instructed to report any sightings
of the suspect immediately.
Hold off on that.
The instructions are very clear.
Two-Boots. keep this quiet for now.
We don't need the Empire butting in
and making things complicated.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
- He's arriving now.
- Keep a close watch on him.
Vario.
Deemis. You're looking grandiose as ever.
At least I fill the suit.
[chuckles]
- Been a while since we had a meet. huh?
- No reason until now.
We agreed on neutral territory.
but couldn't you pick a nicer place?
Looks like a Wookiee bathhouse.
Well. chobasa.
Choba.
[slurps. exhales]
Heard about the bank.
Pity.
Any idea who pulled that one?
I was hoping you could tell me.
Well. you got a lot of enemies.
[laughs nervously]
It could've been anyone.
None of them have the nerve
to pull something like this.
Well. one person. maybe.
He's long gone.
Besides. why would he come after me?
You betrayed him.
[Deemis] Then he'd be after you. too.
Maybe he is.
Or maybe that's what you want me to think.
[Vario] Oh. why would I want to
start a war with you. Deemis?
[stutters] I got too much to risk.
Make me look weak.
Try to take over my territory.
Trust me. that is not
how I would go about it.
Oh. yeah?
Well. how would you go about it?
- [bank droid stutters] I will not--
- Oh!
- Deemis will make you--
- What?
- It was you! [yells]
- [Vario] No. no. no. no.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Don't do anything crazy.
- We have a truce. Deemis.
- [bank droid stutters] Deemis... Deemis...
Deemis... Deemis...
Deemis will make you pay...
[screaming]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Spybot] Yes. yes. yes. yes.
Peekaboo!
[grunts]
Vario's getting away. Cover me.
- [slurps]
- [indistinct radio chatter]
[bones crack]
How's that caf. partner?
[Two-Boots] Captain.
you know I can't drink it.
I just share this moment with you.
[officer] There's a situation at the port!
[rapid beeping]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Huh?
[grunts]
- [Vario] Hey. Deemis.
- Hmm?
[groans]
Never shoot a guy in the back.
[Maul] Unexpected.
Vario has outplayed Deemis.
- [comms beep]
- Finish it.
[engine starts]
Uh...
Oh. come on. Go. go. go.
[screams]
[Two-Boots] Captain. scanners have
detected two vehicles leaving the area.
[dispatcher] ...headed northbound.
and Z-59 for backup.
[screams]
[laughs boisterously]
[gasps]
[groans]
[grunts]
[gasping]
[screams]
[both scream]
[grunting]
[growls]
[grunts]
[groans]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[panting] Wait. I know you.
You work for him.
- [groans]
- Stop right there!
[gasps]
- [Vario screams]
- [engine revs]
Surrender!
[Maul] Hmm.
[breathes heavily]
Lawson! I never thought
I'd be glad to see you.
Yeah. first time for everything. Vario.
[siren wailing]
Vario is in custody.
and the local authorities
will no doubt alert the Empire.
[inhales deeply] Vario will not escape me.
Not even in a cell.
Make the preparations.
[♪ tense music playing]
My Lord. an attack
on the police headquarters
will not be without risk of exposure.
Vario's betrayal demands consequence.
And something else.
Our actions serve a greater purpose.
[Spybot whirring]
- Events are falling into place.
- [Spybot grunting menacingly]
[siren wailing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
You killed Deemis.
I could put you away for a long time.
It was self-defense.
I was set up.
By who?
How's the security in here?
You got enough guards to protect me?
What are you worried about. Vario?
Ever heard of the Shadow Collective?
No. Should I have?
[sighs]
What are you lookin' at. kid?
[scoffs]
Oh. uh... [chuckles softly]
Yeah. this isn't my style. Lawson.
You got anything bigger?
[Two-Boots] It is quite adequate
for your needs.
[Vario] Um. what is that supposed to mean?
The assassins. they were Zabrak.
but not the same markings as the suspect
from the droid's memory holo.
[Two-Boots] I will scan all data.
but perhaps it's time
to request support from the Empire?
No. Not yet.
[Two-Boots] That is contrary to protocol.
However. I will follow your order.
Keep Vario on the watch
and the station on alert.
[thunder rumbling]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Spybot muttering]
[officer on radio] Night vision units
reporting petty theft arrest
inside the Entertainment District...
[breaking up]
Suspect en route to precinct
for processing.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Spybot] No. no. Nothing to see.
[light flickering]
[officer] This is Unit 413.
we got a sensor malfunction.
[grunts]
- [blow lands]
- [grunts]
[officer 2]
Less than point two rotations--
[droid] Unit 413. do you copy?
What's the situation?
[droid] Level 8 appears to have
numerous technical malfunctions.
All units on Level 8 report.
- [radio static]
- [officer 3 on radio] ...reporting.
[Two-Boots] We're getting
a lot of interference.
[officer 4 on radio]
Systems are not cooperating.
Find out what's going on down there.
- [officer 5] All right. stand by.
- [officer 3] ...we're on it.
[Two-Boots]
Something is overriding our system.
We appear to be
losing control of the station.
- [officers exclaim]
- Troopers. full alert.
Two-Boots. with me.
We need to protect Vario.
[♪ tense music playing]
[muffled thud]
[muffled pulsing]
[screaming]
[gasps]
Lock down this cell block!
[Devon] Let me out!
[sighs exasperatedly]
[Spybot] ♪ La. la la. la la ♪
[Spybot growls] I see you.
Nope. Bye-bye!
[alarm blares]
Two-Boots. get the system back online
and get these doors open.
[Spybot] Oh. you want to play? We play.
[screams. groans]
[Spybot] Uh-uh-uh!
[speaks alien language]
[screaming]
[officer gasps]
- [weapon charges up]
- [laughs]
- [thunder rumbling]
- [♪ somber music playing]
[sighs]
- [Spybot] Stop it. stop it.
- [screams]
Stop it. stop it.
[beeping]
[beeping rapidly]
- [powering down]
- What?
[grunts]
[Two-Boots] System's back online.
but there's heavy damage.
- Comms are still down.
- We need backup.
[officer 1] Move. move. move!
[indistinct shouting]
[officer 2] Taking fire!
[officers screaming]
[officer 3] Move in. move in!
Shields!
- [officer 4] Watch it.
- Go. go. go.
[officers screaming]
[Lawson panting]
- [grunts]
- [gun clatters]
[Lawson grunts. groans]
[♪ tense music playing]
[droid screams]
[yelling]
- [muffled blasterfire]
- [gasping]
[droid groans]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
- [muffled lightsaber buzzing]
- [gasps softly]
[door whirs]
[Vario] Please.
You don't understand.
I-I-I-I did what I had to do.
You had to abandon your oath to me?
Or was it greed and fear
that withdrew your ships and weapons
when I needed them most?
I-I can repay you.
Ships. weapons. the credits.
secret safehouses
the Empire would never find.
I can take all of those from you already.
[Vario] What about the Pykes. huh?
If you're after me.
you gotta be after them. [fumbles]
You know. I know how to get to Krim.
[whimpering]
Take him alive.
For now.
[sighs in relief]
[Vario grunts]
[grunts]
[♪ sinister choral music playing]
[gasps softly]
[shudders]
[♪ sinister music intensifies]
Maul...
[♪ sinister music outro plays]
[♪ closing theme music playing]